docs/benefits.md, before:

---
title: Benefits
---

# Benefits

## For the Community

The [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) gains a sustainable business model by offering the possibility of its members being hired by third parties. The business model consists of maintaining an active engaged community, offering the market the service of optimized recruitment and selection, using the money raised to offer benefits to Members and to the hired Professionals.

- Sustainable business model
- Recurring revenue source
- Mechanism to attract professionals from the same area of activity
- Engagement of members by offering work and employment
- Sustainability and growth

## For Professionals

The [**Professional**](/the-protocol/roles/#professional) has many advantages in choosing to receive their remuneration through the **Protocol**. The person gains benefits offered by the community and in the case of DAOs, also gains business ownership. The idea is that the [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) Fee is lower than the fees employed by market gateways, so it will be a negotiation with few barriers for the Professional to have their [**Contractor**](/the-protocol/roles/#contractor) pay through the **Protocol**.

- Community benefits
- Proof of resume
- Badges of their skills with weight based on the financial value received
- Billing tool
- In the case of DAOs:
  - Community ownership
  - Governance over the Treasury that holds the Community Fees (it's like being the owner of PayPal)

## For Contractors

Contractors benefit from their process of hiring services from freelancers or solo entrepreneurs. The **Protocol** facilitates the recruitment and selection of talents from a [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) that gathers Professionals from the same field of work. It is possible to find the ideal person in one place.

- Community Benefits for the hired
- Proof of hiring
- Payment gateway
- Professional search and selection tool
- Management and history of hirings

Commit message:

Improves content adding market fit and paragraph on benefits

docs/benefits.md, after:

---
title: Benefits
---

# Benefits

The protocol brings several benefits for all involved parties. Communities gain a sustainable business model and a mechanism to attract professionals. Professionals get proof of resume, community benefits, and in case of DAOs, a stake in the community. Contractors get an efficient hiring and management tool.

Overall, the Community Protocol offers a unique solution to the traditional hiring process, leveraging blockchain technology to enable transparent, efficient, and mutually beneficial relationships between professionals, communities, and businesses.

## For the Community

The [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) gains a sustainable business model by offering the possibility of its members being hired by third parties. The business model consists of maintaining an active engaged community, offering the market the service of optimized recruitment and selection, using the money raised to offer benefits to Members and to the hired Professionals.

- Sustainable business model
- Recurring revenue source
- Mechanism to attract professionals from the same area of activity
- Engagement of members by offering work and employment
- Sustainability and growth

## For Professionals

The [**Professional**](/the-protocol/roles/#professional) has many advantages in choosing to receive their remuneration through the **Protocol**. The person gains benefits offered by the community and in the case of DAOs, also gains business ownership. The idea is that the [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) Fee is lower than the fees employed by market gateways, so it will be a negotiation with few barriers for the Professional to have their [**Contractor**](/the-protocol/roles/#contractor) pay through the **Protocol**.

- Community benefits
- Proof of resume
- Badges of their skills with weight based on the financial value received
- Billing tool
- In the case of DAOs:
  - Community ownership
  - Governance over the Treasury that holds the Community Fees (it's like being the owner of PayPal)

## For Contractors

Contractors benefit from their process of hiring services from freelancers or solo entrepreneurs. The **Protocol** facilitates the recruitment and selection of talents from a [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) that gathers Professionals from the same field of work. It is possible to find the ideal person in one place.

- Community Benefits for the hired
- Proof of hiring
- Payment gateway
- Professional search and selection tool
- Management and history of hirings
