---
title: FAQ
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is Kyōdō?

The Kyōdō Protocol is a system focused on interactions between communities, employers, and professionals. The protocol provides a software framework that assists companies in hiring professionals, offers benefits and proof of experience to hired professionals, and enables a self-sustaining business model for communities.

## How can I use Kyōdō?

Kyōdō can only be used if implemented within a Community. As a Community Manager, you have the option to implement the protocol in your community, regardless of the platform you are using. As a Professional or Contractor, you need to be a part of a community that employs Kyōdō.

## What are the key benefits?

Kyōdō provides benefits to all participants. You can learn more about them on our [benefits page](/benefits).

## Where will Kyōdō be launched?

Kyōdō will be launched on Avalanche and Polygon.

## What are the costs to use Kyōdō?

The protocol charges a flat fee of 0.5% from the contractor. This fee is applied to all revenue generated by all contractors from all communities using the protocol. Accumulated funds are sent to the Kyōdō Treasury.

## Does Kyōdō have a token?

No. Kyōdō does not have a token at this time.

## When is the launch scheduled?

The Testnet is planned for Q3 2023, while the Mainnet is planned for Q1 2024. 

## Will there be a code audit?

Yes. Kyōdō will be audited by OpenZeppelin and CertiK.

## Can I use it independently?

No, you must be a part of a Community that employs the protocol.

## Can I implement it in my community?

Absolutely! You are warmly invited to begin utilizing the protocol within your community, regardless of the industry your members are involved in.
