---
title: 共同 Kyodo Protocol
permalink: /
---

# 共同 Kyodo Protocol
Sustainable Business Model for Service Communities and DAOs

<!-- vide goes here -->

## What is Kyodo Protocol

The **Kyodo Protocol** is a protocol focused on the relationship between communities, employers, and professionals.

The protocol offers a software infrastructure that solves companies' problem in hiring professionals, generates benefits and proof of experience for the hired professionals, and enables a sustainable business model for communities.

Everything is done through the processing of payments made by the company for the work performed by the professionals hired in the community.

The protocol functions as a payment gateway that distributes the money received, issues and distributes tokens that represent community benefits to the professional, and records the skills of the professionals involved in providing service as proof of their resume.

### How It Works

If you prefer, go to [the complete explanation](/how-it-works)
#### 1. Community Set-Up
Community leaders decide to implement the protocol, setting a community fee on all services provided by community members. They also mint a unique community token for reward distribution.

#### 2. Member Participation
Members wishing to utilize the protocol undergo KYC and AML processes to create a verified account. They register contracts representing their agreed service provision, detailing skills required, payment terms, and other specifics.

#### 3. Payment Processing
Members issue invoices through the billing tool, which includes service charges and the community fee. The company pays this invoice in cryptocurrency to an address generated by the Protocol. The Protocol then distributes the payment, community fee, protocol usage fee, and the remainder to the member. It also records the skills used in the service and issues community tokens to the member.

#### 4. Experience Proofing
The Protocol records each skill involved in service provision, generating a resume proof for the professional. The member can mint a non-fungible token (NFT) to display their skill proficiency, facilitating an easier hiring process for companies.

#### 5. Community Benefits
The community can use the revenue from the community fee to offer various benefits to its members, ranging from training, courses, and potential job opportunities to discounts at relevant establishments.

#### 6. DAO Participation
If the community is a DAO, members can also gain ownership and decision-making power, driving the direction of the community based on their contribution.

## In a Nutshell

The [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) implements the **Protocol**.

**Contractors** can recruit in the [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community).

**Professionals** receive **Community Tokens** and **Badge** NFTs as proof of skills.

The [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) uses the **Treasury** accumulated with the [**Community Fee**](/the-protocol/definitions/#community-fee) to offer benefits to **Professionals**.

The [**Contractor**](/the-protocol/roles/#contractor) saves on human resources benefits.

If the [**Community**](/the-protocol/roles/#community) is a DAO, the [**Professional**](/the-protocol/roles/#professional) becomes the owner of the **Payment Gateway** they chose to use to receive their payments.